---
layout: post
title: bruh
date:   2025-03-10
categories: recovery
---
holy shit,

i didnt even last 24 hours. how fucked is that. i really gotta change my strategy. im no longer working in my room anymore. if i ever have to do work im going to the nearby hotel and im commiting to that. its genuinely so frustrating. i can't even keep a promise to myself. alright, plan tomorrow commit going to bed by 10 pm no excuses.

### what happened
well i got home, walked the dog, did a little bit of work in my room and it popped in my head. well the process continues as normal but in the back of my head there is some urge not to follow through, so it turns out it drags out for two hours before it finally ends. before you know it, its midnight, and im nowhere near finishing the work i have to do for tomorrow. it just goes to show that if you don't fully commit you'll end up suffering more than if you weren't to do it at all.

### whats next

i need to be a little more disciplined in my schedule. like i said in the blurb above, as soon as i need to get work done, im out of this room, this is only for projects and i need to be out of this room guaranteed for the next month or so as my brain resets. the room itself is a trigger out of habit and it needs to be mentally cleaned. ive done the following to remove triggers and be more intentional with my time

- work at the hotel instead of home
- before opening the computer write a clear goal; this avoids idling and pushes the computer as tool instead of an escape
- be more intentional overall, write in clear text what i want to accomplish today
- use github issues to keep track of whats upcoming

ill put updates for today's reflection here as i get more thoughts

-df
